add alt texts, remove alt text ignore from htmlproofer container (#25)
miraisolutions/techguides: shiny-ci-cd.Rmd

As default, Travis CI takes care of package dependency installation and performs the typical package build & check you would run locally via e.g. `devtools::check()`. Such CI pipeline is triggered by any push event on any branch on the GitHub repo, including pull requests.

> ![Travis CI pipeline](shiny-ci-cd/img/ShinyCICD_travis1.png)\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Default Travis Continuous Integration pipeline for an R package](shiny-ci-cd/img/ShinyCICD_travis1.png)
```
Improved text, removed trailing `\` in view of the main review comment

As visible from the run logs, all the CI/CD pipeline steps are performed, despite only the deployment step being explicitly defined.

> ![Travis CI executes all pipeline steps](shiny-ci-cd/img/ShinyCICD_travis2.png)\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Travis Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment pipeline for a packaged Shiny app](shiny-ci-cd/img/ShinyCICD_travis2.png)
```
Same as a bove

As visible from the run logs, all the CI/CD pipeline steps are performed subsequently, and are identifiable by the `name` field.

> ![GitHub Actions pipeline steps](shiny-ci-cd/img/ShinyCICD_githubactions1.png)\

Reviewer: Same as above 
```suggestion
![GitHub Actions Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment pipeline for a packaged Shiny app](shiny-ci-cd/img/ShinyCICD_githubactions1.png)
```
